we have a pretty good workout guys are
in excellent shape Joe Connelly our
strength staff them super job as usual
through the summer players seem to work
very hard and conditioning-wise we're in
pretty good shape but other than that
sort of a decent practice decent
practice our centers can't throw the
ball back to the quarterbacks very well
yet so whoever can do it will be the
starting center because right now both
of them were a little bit erratic but
Dylan looks good Connor Mitch looked
much improved tonight and Perry or
through some good ones in there Brendan
Asif it's actually played a little tight
in and quarterback tonight he's a very
good athlete trying to find a place
where he can get on the field and help
us other than that defense look fast
they were flying around so nobody got
hurt so it's always a good practice when
that happens stevo when he says that
there's something special about this
team he thinks against somebody well we
hope so we hope so they got good team
chemistry that just means they all get
along with each other we'll find out if
they all play very well new quarterback
some new receiver sitting there jerrell
adams really was running around fast man
he he looked as fast as Jared Cook out
there tonight
40 reminded me up but anyway it was a
pretty good first workout the players
they all like each other tree right
there so attitude wise we're in good
shape do you know how close my baby
sister taking off that yellow jersey I
don't think you'll practice till next
week sometime but we'll wait and see
those other three pegs that looked
awfully good Shon Carson Brandon wilds
and Dave Williams favor fast flying
around so might have some time whose
hamstrings linger you know a long time
but we we got good running backs so
we're in good shape here ATM sorry guys
are kind of stood out to you any other
young guys that kind of stood out to
young guys they all just rotated in
there they did okay y'all were here you
saw are you concerned that might just
get service up to McLain well there's
nothing we can do about it he's getting
treatment he says he'd be right next to
it he says so we'll see but those
hamstrings you never know how bad we got
for him you know sometimes I think I'd
be back in two weeks and sometimes they
linger quite a while so let's see he
touched on the 10 years that I'm just
looking back and comparing it to now not
just the wind but just the overall
attitude and culture here uh well there
were good bunch guys we just got better
players down we have ten years ago those
guys had good attitude they really did
Savelle newton blake mitchell and all
those guys and gosh that team won five
in a row SCC games I was a school-record
back managed you know that feel didn't
know that where else you need to check
the record book you've never won five in
a row before and somehow another yeah we
were owing three and somehow another one
at Tennessee beat Florida Arkansas and
you don't find in Kentucky so a team was
a pretty good team I was on a bitch
improve from his fundamentals
decision-making through a good ball and
throws a nice spiral and act like he
knew what he's doing act like he
practices someone and listen to Dylan
little bit
that Dylan had a good good night also
and he's been helping coach the other
quarterbacks in the summer ya think I
update on Joe blue not yet not yet we've
got an appeal in and they're going to
talk about it that's all I know you know
when you gonna within the next couple
days I believe